h15 GMT we begin with breaking news out
of Gaza where at least 14 people have
been killed in an attack on a school at
the al- nerat refugee camp the UN run
School houses thousands of displaced
Palestinians in central Gaza two unra
staff members are among the dead dozens
more have been injured Israel says it
was targeting a Hamas leadership
compound Israeli forces have been
carrying out deadly attacks across the
Gaza Strip since Dawn let's go straight
to our correspondent tar abazo who's
live from darab Bala in central Gaza uh
T you've just been to the scene of that
attack in the inat refugee camp tell us
about what you saw and
heard well basically for have just
returned from the site of the attack
that the Israeli fightings have targeted
Al jauni school which is a un run
evacuation Center in anarat refugee camp
now as from the first moment I entered
the school I just observes a tremendous
amount of Destruction in fact being
inflicted to the place uh piles of rles
are scattered around the area people are
looking for anything in order to use it
again after the destruction I show the
missile that had been stuck in the
ground after the strike where
eyewitnesses have confirmed that at
least uh 13 Palestinians have been
confirmed killed in that strike where
people were waiting for food at the
moment when the attack was carried out
by the Israeli fighting Jets also those
eyewitnesses confirmed that the strike
has been carried out without any sort of
warning and basically this is not the
only attack on evacuation centers
especially in aarat refugee camp we are
talking about 13 evacuation centers
being targeted since July which is an
absolutely a very so rink surge in terms
of the numbers of evacuation centers
being targeted by the Israeli fight
idots and we need to remind our viewers
that this these areas have been tolded
by by the is military for Palestinians
to go there in order to seek refuge and
at the same time Israel claims that it
has been used as a center a command
centers by Hamas Fighters but the did
they did not provide any sort any shred
of evidence so far to prove their claims
and at the moment the uh people there
are experiencing really horrific and
tremendous amount of shock that they are
no longer can feel safe even in you are
run shs indeed we have heard that at
least two un employees two unra
employees have been killed in this
attack the pictures that we're looking
at on our screen right now are quite
devastating I mean from the scene it
looks like there's still many people
that could be buried under the rubble of
those buildings there TK uh talk to us
about rescue efforts right now how are
those shaping up is it likely that uh
there could be survivors from this
attack well as soon as I uh got to that
location I was really uh shocked by the
numers of emergency workers who were
looking for any one is under the rule
they have been digging using their
barely hands due to the lack of civil
equipment and they have been say and
they have been confirming that they are
struggling in order to find any Survivor
their attack has caused a great deal of
Destruction the the emergency workers
search operations have come to an end
they have picked up more than 13
Palestinians uh being killed with
patches of casualties being transferred
to both hospitals but this emergency
workers said that Israel is still
upscaling its military strikes on all
evacuation centers on the North in the
central area and in the far south of the
strip even they have expressed their
Inner Fear about their complete Ina
unsafe environment that are working
inside in order to look for survivors
right the Israeli Army has issued a
statement claiming that its forces uh
targeted Hamas control center command
and Control Center and as you've said
tck it's not the first time that Israel
has claimed this when they've targeted
these civilian areas and not the first
time they've targeted nerat refugee camp
tell us more about this camp in
particular in this area of
Gaza and narat campas is a sort of a
structure being in fact established in
1948 in order to host Palestinian
refugees and it's a very battered camp
with uh huge numbers of houses being
built in a very heavily built up
neighborhood this Camp has been under
very Relentless Israel attacks since
October the 7th people have been killed
in the homes and their evacuation
centers and even while they are sleeping
without any sort of warning the the the
anoar refugee camp was so adjacent to
itar Corridor where its nor part has
been completely under repeated Israeli
attacks as a part of their ongoing
operation to expand the narim corridor
and to guarantee that there is no any
sort of military threat could be imposed
for the Israeli operating troops in Zim
area and at the same time families there
have been repeatedly expressing their
concerns about the possibility of the
military encour for anuar refugee camp
and to be Supple from other parts of the
strip which means that the lives of
thousands of Palestinians will be at a
really high risk which means that those
people are under Relentless and constant
threat of death this is the Grim reality
there families even have been moving
from the northern part of Gaza to anarat
after gaza's wedding in order to find
some sort of safety but with the
expansion of the Israeli military
operations to the South the entire strip
has been the theater for the Israeli
military operations tar thank you very
much for the update there on this latest
Israeli attack on the Alat refugee camp
in central Gaza where at least 14 people
have been killed including two un
employees we will bring you the latest
on this developing story when we have
more information of course here on Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer